# Project Overview
My project uses two APi's to use the name of a place to find the nearest train stop from that location. When prompted the user will input the name of the place they would like to find the nearest stop from. The first API creates a URL using the name of the place that has the location coordinates. Then the program takes the coordinates from the url output and inserts it into another API. THis second API takes the longitude and latitude of the place and gives the nearest station to the location. My project does not deviate from the original requirements. 

## Project Reflection
1. Writing the actual code in python went pretty well. That part took the longest but also was pretty simple because I took it step by step. Using some of the demo code from class and reading the websites helped me through the process. Also, following the project steps made the process so much easier when I had to combine the seperate functions into one function that executed everything. Combining all that code for the last function was honestly the easiest prt of the project. After this assignment I feel really confident about my abilities to write code using the json format and access infromation in a dictionary format. I tested each function several times and they are all functional in the python application but not so much the website.
Coding the actual website and making it run was the hard part. Even after using the demo code form class and reading the websites on how to use flask I still couldnt debug my website for it work completely. I ran into a lot problems with my [app.py] because I was not too familar with the format. Also small things would make my website dispaly an error message. I thought this would be the part that took the least so I waited a lot longer to do it. SO now for the final project I know to dedicate more time towards that part of the project and practice the examples. Before attempting this part, I wish I had spent more time going over the class examples and figuring out where I had trouble. However the good thing about this assignment is now I know where I possibly need help when building a web application. I didn't work with a group/partner for this assigment but I honestly feel like it didnt hinder my ability to complete the assignment in any way. If anything it really tested my ability to grasp the material. 
